Update wasm-as-universal-binary-format-part-2-wapm.md (#62)
wasmerio/wasmer.io: _posts/wasm-as-universal-binary-format-part-2-wapm.md

This was great and very well adopted by the community, but we were missing one big part of the picture: how can we use this new feature to improve the life of developers?

> *TL;DR: Using the wasmer compiler all WASI packages published to WAPM will now be compiled to a native executable for all available platforms, so that you don't need to ship a runtime with your wasm files*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*TL;DR: Using the wasmer compiler all WASI packages published to WAPM will now be compiled to a native executable for all available platforms, so that you don't need to ship a complete Wasm runtime to run your wasm files*
```
